c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\ConnectX.exe
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\ConnectX.pdb
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\obj\x86\Debug\ConnectX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\obj\x86\Debug\ConnectX.exe
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\obj\x86\Debug\ConnectX.pdb
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\GeneralUseFont.xnb
c:\users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Score.xnb
C:\Users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\blackPiece.png
C:\Users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\redPiece.png
C:\Users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\tile.png
C:\Users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\restartButton.png
C:\Users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\arrowDown.png
C:\Users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\arrowUp.png
C:\Users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\exitButton.png
C:\Users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\pvaiButton.png
C:\Users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\pvpButton.png
C:\Users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\clearPiece.png
C:\Users\nate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectX\ConnectX\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\WinnerFont.xnb
